after reports the Israeli military had
withdrawn from the alua area in the west
of jabalia refugee camp residents
started to return however Israeli war
planes and artillery opened fire at them
dozens were killed and injured in the
Dual attacks medical Crews assisted by
volunteers are pulling victim's bodies
from under the rubble the situation in
alua is more than dying
for the 17th consecutive day Israeli
forces are carpet bombing this
area the scale of the destruction is
massive especially after the ground
forces moved in the pictures speak
volumes since the early hours of the
morning when people began to return
Israeli forces have been targeting them
we have recovered a number of bodies we
paramedics and ambulance crews are also
targeting by armed drones a minute ago
artillery shells fell in the area
killing more people although it is very
dangerous we are not deterred we'll do
our best to help evacuate injured
survivors this is what alalia looks like
although it's very dangerous to be in
this area we came to document the
aftermath Israeli troops were here
destroying homes so the extent of the
destruction is massive there's not a
single building Still Standing dozens of
people here were killed dozens more
injured many bodies are still lying in
the
road Medical Teams and civil defense
Crews cannot go any further they cannot
cross the road behind me to help
survivors and the injured trap there
even here where I'm standing Israeli
drones and war planes keep firing on
civilians and rescue
teams make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler